link to the new docs page (#9072)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/pipelines.adoc

. Select btn:[Add Pipeline], or, if you wish to edit an existing pipeline select the pencil icon on the right.
. Complete the form fields and options:
** Give your pipeline a descriptive name, for example `Run tests and deploy`.

> ** Under Integration select the platform that matches where your project is set up (for example, GitHub App).  This step is also compatible with orgs that integrate with xref:github-integration/#using-github-app-functionality[CircleCI's GitHub OAuth App]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Under Integration select the platform that matches where your project is set up (for example, GitHub App).  If you integrate with  xref:github-integration#[CircleCI's GitHub OAuth App]) you can select GitHub App here to install the App into your org and access xref:github-integration#using-github-app-functionality[improved security and new features].
```

Reviewer: This is just a suggestion/idea
